Updating docs to match updated sample code (#4506)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/go/nexus/feature-guide.mdx

The ctx provided to the handler is automatically set with this deadline, so passing it directly to Temporal Client calls will correctly propagate the timeout. 
Updates should be short-lived to stay within this deadline.

> EVAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The [nexus_messaging](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/nexus-messaging) sample shows how to create a Nexus Service that uses synchronous operations to send Updates and Queries:

Reviewer: This link goes to a 404 right now and I couldn't find a reference to it in the samples-go repo.

> The [nexus_messaging](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/nexus-messaging) sample shows how to create a Nexus Service that uses synchronous operations to send Updates and Queries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [nexus_messaging](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/nexus-messaging) sample shows how to create a Nexus Service that uses synchronous operations to send Updates and Queries.
```

> Use the Nexus library (as shown below) to get the Client that the Worker was initialized with. In this example, the workflow ID is derived from the client ID, with the method "get_workflow_id" converting a given client ID (in this case, the client is passing in a user ID) to generate a workflow ID from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Nexus library, as shown below, to get the Client that the Worker was initialized with. In this example, the Workflow Id is derived from the client Id, with the `GetWorkflowID` method. This converts a given client Id (in this case, the client is passing in a user Id) to generate a Workflow Id from it.
```

> This way the client only needs to know about the identifier they care about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way the client only needs the identifier it cares about.
```

> [nexus-messaging/callerpattern/handler/app.go](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/blob/nexus-messaging/callerpattern/handler/app.go)

Reviewer: This link goes to a 404.

```go
func GetWorkflowID(userID string) string {
	return WorkflowIDPrefix + userID
}

var GetLanguagesOperation = nexus.NewSyncOperation(service.GetLanguagesOperationName, func(ctx context.Context, input service.GetLanguagesInput, options nexus.StartOperationOptions) (service.GetLanguagesOutput, error) {
	c := temporalnexus.GetClient(ctx)
	workflowID := GetWorkflowID(input.UserID)
    ...
```

> There are two examples of messaging through Nexus in the sample code, [caller pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/nexus-messaging/callerpattern/) and [on demand pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/nexus-messaging/ondemandpattern/).

Reviewer: The caller pattern and on demand pattern links go to a 404.

> There are two examples of messaging through Nexus in the sample code, [caller pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/nexus-messaging/callerpattern/) and [on demand pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/nexus-messaging/ondemandpattern/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two examples of messaging through Nexus in the sample code, [caller pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/nexus-messaging/callerpattern/) and [on-demand pattern](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/nexus-messaging/ondemandpattern/).
```

> Caller pattern shows how to send messages to an existing workflow, while the on demand pattern shows how to start a workflow through Nexus and then send signals to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The caller pattern shows how to send messages to an existing Workflow, while the on-demand pattern shows how to start a Workflow through Nexus and then send Signals to it.
```

> EVAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
